Add pkgsCross.emscripten, replacing hand-crafted emscriptenPackages (#217428)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/emscripten.section.md

This section of the manual covers how to use `emscripten` in nixpkgs.

## Declarative usage (with `mkDerivation`) {#emscripten-declarative-usage}

> This mode is far more power full since this makes use of `nix` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode is far more powerful since this makes use of `nix` for
```

Though this sentence doesn't really make sense: More powerful than what? Imperative Usage is only described later on…
